---
image: images/drama_fruit_logo.png
image_alt: Alt Text Test
image_subtitle: Green Origami Bowtie
image_price: "100"
image2: images/dramafruit_01.png
image2_alt: Alt Text Test
image2_subtitle: Pruple Origamii Bowtie
image2_price: "100"
image3: images/dramafruit_05.png
image3_alt: Alt Text Test
image3_subtitle: Yellow Origami Bowtie
image3_price: "200"
image4: images/drama_fruit_logo.png
image4_alt: Alt Text Test
image4_subtitle: Green Origami Bowtie
image4_price: "300"
image5: images/dramafruit_01.png
image5_alt: Alt Text Test
image5_subtitle: Bangin' Bowtie
image5_price: "1000"
image6: images/dramafruit_05.png
image6_alt: Alt Text Test
image6_subtitle: Saucy Neck Decoration
image6_price: "500"
home_product: Bangin' Bowtie - Green
---
